Product Name:
Canon EOS Rebel T7 DSLR Camera with 18-55mm Lens ,Built-in Wi-Fi, 24.1 MP CMOS Sensor, DIGIC 4+ Image Processor and Full HD Videos

reviews:
1) I just bought to take pictures of my kiddo & it has been super user friendly & wonderful. You don’t have to be a photographer to figure it out & use it. Quality of pictures is good even with using the preset settings. The WiFi connectivity feature is great for ease of transferring photos from the camera to your phone easily without the hassle of taking of the card and putting into the laptop. The size is perfect for not needing too much storage space and it come with a strap so you can put it around your neck to capture your moments. 10/10 recommend.

2) I'd like to recommend this entry-level DSLR camera to all users who haven't bought a camera yet. I initially came across it during a digital photography class where it was provided, and subsequently, I purchased it myself! It's incredibly easy to operate and handle, and now I use it as my primary tool for commercial photography. The results are exceptionally clear in well-lit areas. There can be some difficulties when shooting at night without flash, but the photos still turn out great after post-processing! The following photo was taken using the M mode, and it offers a great user experience.
The battery life is also impressive. When I'm just taking photos and not recording videos, I can shoot for three to four hours straight without the battery level dropping significantly. However, video recording consumes more battery. Additionally, this camera is highly versatile, producing excellent results in portrait and landscape photography, and is also ideal for street photography.

3) A good basic DSLR camera, no argument. The kit gives you two lenses to use according to what you intend to shoot, at a price much less than if you were to buy those lenses separately. HOWEVER, once your pictures have been taken, the ability to transfer them to another device (smartphone or computer) is done wirelessly using wifi, and that is where the problem lies. I could never establish a consistent connection between the camera and my phone -- the software might work one time but not the next. Would have much preferred if there had been provided the appropriate cable for making such transfers. I've wasted so much time trying to get help from Youtube videos, without success, so I'm throwing in the towel and returning everything. Do yourself a favor and avoid the aggravation by choosing another option. /// UPDATE: Rather than return this camera I decided I would give the folks at Canon an opportunity to help (don't forget the Youtube videos necessarily, but maybe they weren't my best first choice). I was very pleasantly surprised by how well the support group at Canon helped me to understand how their camera-to-phone connection worked. First, there were NO long wait times to reach someone to talk to, both chat and phone personnel (LIVE, not bots, at least it seemed). They were friendly, patient, and caring. And knowledgeable! I am now able to easily transfer photos from my camera to my phone without any glitches. I did learn, however, that transferring videos is best done to a computer, as a computer will recognize Canon's video format while a phone may not. For that you'll need a mini USB cable (I advised Canon that it would be a sensible item to include with the camera kit, but it is conveniently available on Amazon). I can now confidently give this Canon camera kit a 4-star rating because I'm still getting familiar with its various modes of operation, otherwise I might have gone higher.

4) I had to return this camera. It is way to complicated. Some reviews said it was a beginners camera and it is not. I have been using cameras for 60 years. Started with a Pentax manual that took film. Was so glad when digital camera came as I had put so much money into film and develement. I had a Cannon Powershot for 10 years that I loved. But it died. I decided to upgrade to the Rebel as I had used a friends and liked it. The one I bought did not even seem like the same camera. Way to much complicated instructions to do the most simple things. Charged battery, put in a new memory card. Took 25 photos and camera told me card was full. Normally I can get 300 to 400 photos on a card depending on how much vidio I take which usually isn't that much. I prefer taking stills. I have never had a problem with a memory card but you never know. I put in another card that was new and a different brand. Same thing. 25 photos and camera said it was full. This was not good. I put those photos on computer and was disappointed with the quality. I could have done just as well with my cell phone.
The zoom on the camera seemed to have a problem, too. It would take 10 to 15 seconds or more to auto focas on what I wanted to take a picture of. With still life or flowers or sceanery I would get the sakes by the time it would focas. I could find no way to turn off the auto focas. Even putting it on manual and sports did not do any good. That ment if I was trying to get a shot of something moving it was long gone by the time the auto focas did it's thing. Tried to call Cannon Support. No answer. Emailed them. No answer. I gave up on this camera and sent it back. Sure not worth what I payed for it.

5) the color isnt too bad, but the dpi is 72 (6000x4000) and therefore pretty horrible pictures, and unable to make decent prints. I do urban wildlife photography and this camera seems a lot worse than my iphoneSE. Forget taking pictures of wildlife or animals with this camera, you'd have to be right up in their faces. the catapillar thing took several minutes to focus enough to take. Also it wouldnt let me change iso and the screen never showed me what i was taking a picture of, you have to use viewfinder. this camera feels mid 90s in quality and overly complicated to use for being an incredibly low quality camera, Im going to have to go with a nikon again. very dissapointed.

6) I took about 20 pictures and the camera died !! The battery was fully charged and it wouldn't come on at all. Took the battery out and put it back in and it still wouldn't work. This was all done within a 3 day time period after receiving the camera. I have had a Sony and Minolta cameras forever. Just wanted to see how different the canon camera was compared to my cameras, I found out within a weeks time. I have over 150,000 pictures in my collection with both prints and digital. The rest of the cameras I liked was all over $2,000 which I cannot pay that much for a camera. thanks for all your help in returning this camera package

7) When I bought this camera, I was made to believe it was a new camera and it was shipped and delivered overnight. But when I opened the box, I instantly knew that it was a used camera that was deceptively sold as new. No manual, and the camera looked used. I have returned it and am still waiting for my refund. Since I need a camera to shoot some videos, I reordered the same type of camera but as a package with other items. The moment I opened the box I knew the second ordered camera was new. It looked new and clean, manual and other items were new and included. I didn't make mistake in returning the first ordered camera. Waiting for my refund.

8) Camera is ok, although similar Nikons are better. The Canon Connect app completely ruins the experience though. If I hadn't missed the return window, this camera would go back. The app connection process is buggy and pathetically slow. Google Canon Connect problems before you buy this camera. I feel like I wasted my money due to a non-functioning app.

9) I ordered the bundle kit version for the Canon EOS Rebel T7. This should have included a DSLR camera, two different lenses (18-55mm & 75-300mm), a battery, a charger, a camera bag, and a camera strap. However, I only received one of the camera lenses and the camera bag. Ended up returning it for a refund.

10) The Canon EOS Rebel T7 was described as a good camera for beginners - not true. Only in Auto Focus is it a point and shoot camera and then it takes the auto focus 15 seconds to focus and shoot - by then my subject had moved on. This camera definitely requires an extensive education in photography or much experience with this type of camera in order to operate in its many modes and settings. Probably a great camera for someone with the education or experience - but definitely not for beginners. Need to change this language in item description. Returned item satisfactorily.

11) The camera is ok. I was hoping for more. Most of the buttons don’t work because it’s just a base camera. The lens that came with the camera (18 -55mm), has to be adjusted by hand manually. If you’re looking for a beginner camera their are other brands that won’t set you back 400 bucks for basic videos and photos.

12) Ordered this for my daughter's 15th bday. She loves her point and click, which she has had several. She enjoys "old timey" photos with the baked in date and time stamp, which is why we chose this camera. When I asked if this camera supported it, I got replies staying that it does....but they were wrong. It does NOT have a Date and Time Stamp feature that displays on the photos. If you are looking for this and it is a deal breaker, you will NOT find it here. I wished I wasn't miss lead by others, but here I am ($500 +) in and it's just a decent DSLR without the one major feature my daughter wanted. Other than that requirement, it's just an over grown point and click. Don't get me wrong. It's a good DSLR for beginners and the majority of the interface is intuitive, I just wish the info on here was more correct.
If you're looking for an entry level DLSR that's easy to use and affordable, but don't require it to have the ability to embed the date and time stamp on the photos, then this is a decent camera.

13)  That the camera is not capable of supporting studio strobes was not mentioned anywhere in the product description. That is something that any serious photographer would want to know before buying a camera. The Canon EOS Rebel T7 is completely incapable of supporting studio strobes, but the product description failed to reveal that fact. Consequently, the buyer ends up trying an endless series of ways to figure out how to connect it to studio strobes, only to ultimately discover that it is not possible. That is a serious omission in the product description.

14) It's an awesome camera overall, I don't think it was 100% new because when I removed it from the box (wasn't even wrapped) I removed the dust cap from the lens and it had fingerprints on it. Other than that, haven't had any issues so far.

15) A good basic DSLR camera, no argument. The kit gives you two lenses to use according to what you intend to shoot, at a price much less than if you were to buy those lenses separately. HOWEVER, once your pictures have been taken, the ability to transfer them to another device (smartphone or computer) is done wirelessly using wifi, and that is where the problem lies. I could never establish a consistent connection between the camera and my phone -- the software might work one time but not the next. Would have much preferred if there had been provided the appropriate cable for making such transfers. I've wasted so much time trying to get help from Youtube videos, without success, so I'm throwing in the towel and returning everything. Do yourself a favor and avoid the aggravation by choosing another option. /// UPDATE: Rather than return this camera I decided I would give the folks at Canon an opportunity to help (don't forget the Youtube videos necessarily, but maybe they weren't my best first choice). I was very pleasantly surprised by how well the support group at Canon helped me to understand how their camera-to-phone connection worked. First, there were NO long wait times to reach someone to talk to, both chat and phone personnel (LIVE, not bots, at least it seemed). They were friendly, patient, and caring. And knowledgeable! I am now able to easily transfer photos from my camera to my phone without any glitches. I did learn, however, that transferring videos is best done to a computer, as a computer will recognize Canon's video format while a phone may not. For that you'll need a mini USB cable (I advised Canon that it would be a sensible item to include with the camera kit, but it is conveniently available on Amazon). I can now confidently give this Canon camera kit a 4-star rating because I'm still getting familiar with its various modes of operation, otherwise I might have gone higher.

16) I like the camera a lot, it shoots fast and the battery lasts a while although I'd recommend having a second battery on hand. The body is plastic and feels very cheap and the digital interface is super clunky, it seems about 20 years out of date. BUT, I love the shots it takes, video is ok but doesn't seem to be super hi res. This camera needs a lot of light, it likes to use the flash a lot so I tend to overide that.

17) Silly me for not reading all the info on this package but if your buying this camera make sure you also get some sort of sd or equivalent memory card. Not all cards work and you can look up what does but this camera will not display or save any pics until you insert a card. I think that should be written somewhere sd isnt included and that it wont work without.

18)  This camera takes beautiful photos and is easy to use for a beginner. Just know that the basic lens that comes with it isn’t going to give you much zoom. Like, your iPhone will zoom closer to distant subjects. Took this camera on a safari in Africa and some of the people in my group got better shots with their phones of animals that were far away. My photo quality was better for things that were nearby though. And it’s no contest in low light. Just know that you’re going to want different lenses for different settings and they are not cheap. Worth it if you’re using a camera regularly though.

19) I am a long time Pentax user, but when my K50 started acting up, I started looking for something else. This seemed like such a good deal with the 2 lenses, and I've had some experience with Canon in the past. I've been using the T7 for about 3 months now and I am still getting used to it. I find I am using more of the manual settings and getting better results. The auto focus is a little finicky sometimes. I shoot a lot of nature photography and when trying to focus on a bird in the trees it has trouble focusing on the bird and not the branches around it. Overall, I am happy with the results, but I still plan on getting my Pentax fixed.Pros: fairly easy to use, lightweight, great value for the money, good picture quality.Cons: autofocus can be a little finicky.

20) I was looking for a camera to use in the outdoors for both stills and video but when recording video you can only monitor it on the LCD screen and the eyepiece is disabled so it is pretty much useless during a sunny day to record video. I knew it was a bad omen when the UPS driver got rude with me when I asked him why he wasn't wearing a mask. I really wish I had not purchased this camera and waited until I could afford a better one. If you don't plan on recording video outdoors maybe this isn't a big deal for you but any enthusiasm I had for this camera is gone and I will probably replace it as soon as I can and give this one away. It seemed like a sweet deal but it was too good to be true.